Cubeviz: DS9 regions and ellipse draw tool (#1571)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/cubeviz/import_data.rst

There is no plan to natively load such objects until ``datamodels``
is separated out of the ``jwst`` pipeline package.

.. _cubeviz-import-regions-api:

Importing regions via the API
=============================

If you have a region file supported by :ref:`regions:regions_io`, you
can load the regions into Cubeviz as follows::

    cubeviz.load_regions_from_file("/path/to/data/myregions.reg")

> Unsupported regions will be skipped and trigger a warning. Those that
> failed to load, if any, will be returned as a list of tuples of the
> form ``(region, reason)`` if requested, as follows::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unsupported regions will be skipped and trigger a warning. Those that
failed to load, if any, can be returned as a list of tuples of the
form ``(region, reason)``::
```
"if" and "as" appear a lot here. I suggest the same change in `docs/imviz/import_data.rst`.

Author: Done. Thanks!
